fix(css): rephrase note about 'justify-content: stretch' (#30501)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/justify-content/index.md

  - : If the combined size of the items along the main axis is less than the size of the alignment container, any `auto`-sized items have their size increased equally (not proportionally), while still respecting the constraints imposed by {{cssxref("max-height")}}/{{cssxref("max-width")}} (or equivalent functionality), so that the combined size exactly fills the alignment container along the main axis.

>     > **Note:** For flexboxes `stretch` behaves as `flext-start` or `start`. This is because for flexboxes stretching is controlled by {{CSSXref("flex")}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > **Note:** For [flexboxes](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_flexible_box_layout/Basic_concepts_of_flexbox), the `stretch` value behaves as `flext-start` or `start`. This is because, in flexboxes, stretching is controlled using the {{CSSXref("flex")}} property.
```

>     > **Note:** For [flexboxes](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_flexible_box_layout/Basic_concepts_of_flexbox), the `stretch` value behaves as `flext-start` or `start`. This is because, in flexboxes, stretching is controlled using the {{CSSXref("flex")}} property.

Author: ```suggestion
    > **Note:** For [flexboxes](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_flexible_box_layout/Basic_concepts_of_flexbox), the `stretch` value behaves as `flext-start` or `start`. This is because, in flexboxes, stretching is controlled using the {{CSSXref("flex-grow")}} property.
```
